Mahashree.rajendran/getting started synthetics (#9885)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/synthetics/browser_test.md

## Create a browser test

> [Browser tests][1] are scenarios executed by Datadog on your web applications. They run at configurable periodic intervals from multiple locations around the world, and from multiple devices. These checks **verify both that your applications are up and responding to requests**, and that any conditions defined in your scenarios are met.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Browser tests][1] are scenarios executed by Datadog on your web applications. They run at configurable periodic intervals from multiple locations around the world, and from multiple devices. These tests **verify both that your applications are up and responding to requests**, and that key business transactions can be performed by users as expected.
```

> In this example, a browser test is configured to map a user's journey from adding an item to cart to successful checkout. If any step during the browser test fails, it throws an error that is recorded in Datadog as a **Test Result**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, a browser test is configured to map a user's journey from adding an item to cart to successful checkout. Each test execution is recorded in Datadog as a **Test Result**.
```

3. Select **Browser Test**.
4. Define the configuration of your browser test:

    - **Starting URL**: Add the URL of the website you’re interested in monitoring. If you don’t know what to start with, you can use `https://www.shopist.io` as a test web application.
    - **Name**: Name the test.

>     - **Tags**: You can set tags such as `prod` and `shopist` on your test. Tags will help to keep things organized and allow you to quickly find the tests you're interested in on the homepage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Tags**: You can set tags such as `env:prod` and `app:shopist` on your test. Tags will help to keep things organized and allow you to quickly find the tests you're interested in on the homepage.
```

>     - **Browsers & Devices**: Choose the devices you want to use for testing. In this example, the test is only run on **Large Laptops**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Browsers & Devices**: Choose the devices and browsers you want to use for testing. In this example, the test is only run from **Chrome** and on **Large Laptops**.
```

>     - **Locations**: Choose one of the **managed locations** to run your test from. In this example, the test is run in **Americas and Europe**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Locations**: Choose one of the **Managed Locations** to run your test from. In this example, the test is run in **Americas and Europe**.
```
Let's change the below gif accordingly as well then.

>     - **Specify a test frequency**: Select how often you would like the test to run.

Reviewer: What about a quick mention to CI here?

>     - **Alert Conditions**: Set alert conditions to determine the circumstances under which you want a test to send a notification alert.

Reviewer: Let's put fast retries first (we'll do that in the UI soon) and remove the reference about fast retries interval as well. We could even only focus on one of these options in each getting started (fast retries in browser tests and alerting rule in API test to make that section more readable).
